Add example usage of `ClpIrStreamReader` class and slightly simplified the examples. (#16)
y-scope/clp-ffi-py: README.md

# A list to store all the log events within the search time range
log_events: List[LogEvent] = []

> # Open IRstream compressed log file as a binary file stream, then pass it to CLpIrStreamReader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Open IRstream compressed log file as a binary file stream, then pass it to
# CLpIrStreamReader.
```
80-char limit

# [timestamp, message]
matched_log_messages: List[Tuple[int, str]] = []

> # A convenience file reader class is also available to directly interact with IRstream compressed log file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A convenience file reader class is also available to interact with a file that
# represents an encoded CLP IR stream directly.
```
80-char limit
Also we never used the term "compressed", so we should stick to the concept of "encoded" CLP IR stream
